Zhou Gongzi
I'm broke.
You just help people to the end
Give me a little money to spend a few days alone
Why don't I give you 1 million
Go to the casino to try your luck
Mr. Zhou, don't hurt me
Help me or not
Don't stop me from getting rich
This is not helping you.
It's hurting you.
You know, this 1 million gonna kill you
Give me back 1 million
See you are my sister
I'll kill you too
roll
Xu Shiyang
I will come back again.
Just based on the news that I appeared downstairs in your company
This 1 million he can receive at any time
At that time
What would you do?
Your brother is right
As long as you work here
Now he owes a gambling debt
May take drugs in the future
Do you want to be harassed by him for the rest of your life?
Never turn over
With your ability
You can keep him out of Harbor City forever
Right?
As long as you agree to my proposal yesterday
I can help you clean up everything